Nigella just to remind you your version
of food heaven would be these fantastic
chestnuts bang in season at the moment
beautiful I'm gonna use some melon glass
oh thank you and also some sweet and
chestnut puree but that could be turned
into a lovely chocolate tart almost like
a little chocolate torte really rich
thick chocolate each however there's a
flip side to this coin it could be the
dreaded food now this stuff sorry about
which I could do these little pancakes
almost like little sort of America's
down pancakes
serve with sauteed apples and pears in a
nice vanilla syrup so how do you think
the viewers have done brain frame really
praying for food heaven praying they
must love you because they have done I'm
not using sorry about brilliant okay so
what we're gonna do first of all we're
gonna start off with this now guys only
take a thin slice of this cake nice and
dry thinking you do that yeah just like
you Oh wouldn't you're 14 you know now
what we're gonna do is in this bull here
got some chocolate so I'm gonna get you
to stir in this stuff now chestnut
you're looking for this in the shops
it's really really important that you've
got a few days left for you to go out
and buy this stuff sweet and Chester
pure it is come swinging or unsweetened
it it looks identical insane to indanone
so always look on the back of the packet
it's got sugar in it that one and that's
gonna go in there please ready steady
ready wow look how thick is that argue
now we're gonna do is some double cream
but you need to pour that in at the same
time I need to finish that off lovely
right over here we're gonna make a nice
little syrup
okay in there now add some sugar can't
check your name oh sure yeah yes
nice and thin please
now what can I do can I do my way please
the sugar what are you doing not easy
right it's Christmas little bit of realm
in Gotham and glass a lovely now these
you can make at home if you have time
James no one couple time to make them a
place they haven't actually they'll be
ready for New Year to be honest but they
are delicious look at that coated in all
that these throw those in alright if you
were like I'm fine absolutely fine we're
both working with lovely right taking
more of this work more of this rub over
the tongue brandy right how we doing
delicious delicious have I finished now
you finish them I'll eat this candy
actually now all we do with this there
is poor
just give us a job over here yeah you're
gonna get one a minute just just yeah I
don't look at the patients ones a job
this is almost like almost like a little
chocolate torte it's thicker lovely and
rich press that down nicely
you almost got these little man Garcia's
little jewels should